# dividedparty.github.io
The idea is, working for self-determination (SD) of all groups, who want SD.<br><br>
All groups must unite politically here on Github at the website of the federal party of South Africa and the movement Self-Determination Internationl (SDI).<br><br>
Divided Party (DiP), a new political party in South Africa, represents self-determination for all South Africans, who want SD. Probably, DiP is the only political party outside of Switzerland, promoting the policy to arrange self-determination for those on the left and the right in one party. Due to the international nature of politics of the 21st century, this webpage was formed, giving the opportunity to all who agree with DiP, to unite with DiP, and develop the website further. Raising funds for self-determination politics, is particularly problematic, because imperialist (prioritized centralized governance) politics is the biggest enemy of SD. Therefore a new cryptocurrency funding model is used, others can also use, by listing brand tokens on Ipparts Exchange (IPPAEX). Moyom (MYM), the universal utility
token of IPPAEX is also the official currency for SDI. New movements and political parties, also promoting self-determination for all, are invited to build on this website and list brand tokens on IPPAEX to raise funds.
Those who are interested to fund SDI, buy, currently, Moyom (MYM) at https://africahead.github.io and Divided Party (DiP) at https://dividedparty.github.io. Both MYM and DiP tokens are ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain.<br><br>
Divided Party (DiP) is busy changing its name to include the words Federal and Party, because the word Divided was not comprehended how it was intended. It referred to divide ("verdeel") and share ("deel"), which is positive, but it was regarded negative.
